title: Terms of Use for Minchin.ca (and subdomains)
modified: 2023-10-04 22:43 -0600
status: hidden

These are the Terms of Use that govern your use of
[minchin.ca](https://minchin.ca) and its subdomains (this "Site"). If you do
not agree to be bound by these Terms of Use, you are not authorized to use this
Site. Furthermore, you agree to only access this Site in a legal manor.

The contents of this Site (unless otherwise indicated) are owned by W. Minchin
(the "Webmaster"); the Webmaster reserves the copyright in these contents, a
copyright that you agree to respect. The Webmaster further holds a trademark in
the Site name and logo that you agree to respect.

The contents of this Site is believed to be accurate when published, but are
supplied "As Is" and without warranty of any kind, expess or implied, and the
contents may no longer be accurate or up to date. It is your responsibility to
verify any information presented here you wish to rely on.

You are invited to provide comments ("Comments") on many pages of this Site. If
you provide Comments, you retain your copyright in them, however you grant the
Webmaster a perpetual, irrevocable, and royalty-free license to make use of
these Comments. Furthermore, this license grants the Webmaster the right to
publish (i.e. post; i.e. publicly display), edit, adapt, redact, recreate,
translate, delete, and sub-license these Comments. You represent that you hold
the rights necessary to grant such a license. It is at the sole discretion of
the Webmaster to publish (or un-publish) any Comments.

If the material from this Site (including Comments) is used, or can reasonably
be assumed to have been used, for or to develop a commercial project
("Commercial Project"), the Webmaster shall have right to access and use, at no
cost, that Commerical Project, including its most expensive and comprehensive
tiers, for both personal and commerical uses. This right will continue even if
the material from this Site is removed from the Commercial Project. Examples
including, but limited to: a mirror of this Site, republishing pages from this
Site, a genealogical database, a Large Langage Model (LLM), or an "AI" system
based on a LLM.

The site may make use of cookies, including third party cookies. In particular,
cookies are used to measure the number of website visitors.

You accept that the Webmaster, at his sole discretion, may limit or prohibit
your access to this Site at any time, without prior notice.

You agree to defend and indemnify the Webmaster, and hold the Webmaster
harmless, of any claims (including losses, damages, liabilities, expenses, and
legal fees) arising from or connected with your use of this Site, including
providing Comments. Furthermore, the Webmaster reserves the right, at your
expense, to assume exclusive defense and control of any matter you are required
to indemnify the Webmaster in, and you agree to coorporate, at your expense,
with the Webmaster's defense of such claims.

You agree that the Webmaster's failure to exercise or enforce any right or
provision under this agreement does not constitute a waiver of that right.

You agree that these Terms of Use will not be construed against the Webmaster
by virtue of the Webmaster having drafted them.

If any provision of these Terms of Use is determined not be valid, that
provision shall be severed from the Agreement, and the rest of the Agreement
will remain in force.

These Terms of Use are our entire agreement, and superseed any prior agreement.

Any disputes arise under these Terms of Use or your use of the website will be
resolved under the laws of Alberta without regard conflict of law rules. You
agree to bring any claim under these Terms of Use before the courts of Alberta.

These Terms of Use are subject to revision without notice; new revisions will
be posted to this page. Your continued use of this Site and/or material from
this Site is deemed to represent your continued acceptance of these updated
Terms of Use.
